Trump q please leave before you guys
I'll start when we named our record love
we we like to do things that we know are
a little bit hard to explain our version
of what the word love meant and our
point of view in the art that we were
trying to make was much more about human
consciousness and and that's one of the
reasons why we we knew we needed make a
film to go with it because it was such a
high level idea and we were kind of
trying to redefine a word that's used
every single day and make it a little
bit bigger
dreams of life with the straight direct
established sucking time
strange blue shot we're all scared
got to die
I wish
electrics islands you keep
on our minds and well
we're all connected when we are we
you asked for
your best friend show yourself
what
fine
so color
kiss
what's really cool about that song young
london was it was originally written
about the idea that at times a war and
at times of pain you have girls hurting
for their loved one that to come back
home to them you know and so much of the
film specifically is the character lee
looking at these pictures and
remembering his wife and he can't touch
her and he can't talk to her but he
misses her so much and I think that's
another angle of love